### Takeaways from Mod0 Repeat ###

1. Wins:
*I feel more prepared because I have sat through the classes again and this time knew the content better. It was nice to be able to help folks sometimes instead of always needed to be helped. I also appreciated that the additional practice in class and the other homework helped better solidify the concepts and skills were are starting to learn. This also has been an excellent opportunity to practice a growth mind-set, initially I was pretty crushed to have to repeat but now I can see how helpful it has been to me to have this chance to better my basic skills before starting MOD1 (hopefully!) this summer.*

2. Aha-moments:
*That although I am pretty slow at doing stuff at the offset, continuing to practice through the You Do Sections and re-visiting the content through going back to the slide decks and/or looking through my notes in between classes, helps my brain better absorb the information. I find that the more I do it, the better prepared I feel. Also, this might seem cheesy, but I really enjoy how this makes my brain work, especially because almost all of this is brand new to me. I am finding as I work through this class/hw/pre-work, I have to pause a lot and review the content before I can move forward and I think that is helpful in the long run.*

3. Changes to approach:
*I think I might be utilizing the videos of lectures more so in between classes as it dawned on me in my 3rd session repeat last night that hearing the content again has been super helpful to better understand it and then put it into practice. I am planning to continue practicing with the few weeks in between the end of MOD0 and Mod1 by working on extension activities and continuously practicing. I've already figured out a schedule to ensure I am keeping up practicing while visiting family for a few weeks before the program begins. I also think not working at the same time will truly help. I will be able to give my full attention to Turing instead of feeling like my brain is split down the middle. Another thing is I will be doing three things daily: practice & review, tidying up my space, and checking/updating my calendar.*  
